Update README.md (#9)
turtle-tortue/SeaCertsBlazor: README.md

[![Board Status](https://dev.azure.com/tc-tibo/4dd797bf-468b-4734-809d-7a5d7e801e2d/98f281cb-b20c-4b34-9384-beeaf67bef78/_apis/work/boardbadge/04d8c3b1-ac45-422d-9c05-c39db02d017d?columnOptions=2&columns=To%20Do,Doing,Done)](https://dev.azure.com/tc-tibo/4dd797bf-468b-4734-809d-7a5d7e801e2d/_boards/board/t/98f281cb-b20c-4b34-9384-beeaf67bef78/Microsoft.RequirementCategory/)

# Introduction 

> This is the prototype for TC's Seafarer Credentials Project. It is written in Blazor and is strictly for development purposes. Actual development will be hosted in TC's official Github home.

Reviewer: Probably want to specify what the prototype refers to. In this case a digital CDN application form

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the prototype for TC's Candidate Document Number online application form. It is written in Blazor and is strictly for development purposes. Actual development will be hosted in TC's official Github home.
```

Author: ```suggestion
This is the prototype for the digital CDN Application Form as part of TC's Seafarer Credentials Project. It is written in Blazor and is strictly for development purposes. Actual development will be hosted in TC's official Github home.
```

# Getting Started

1.	Installation process

> To install this project, clone locally, open https://github.com/tc-tibo/SeaCertsBlazor/blob/master/CDTS%20Blazor.sln file in Visual Studio, and then publish to your desired location.

Reviewer: Could probably remove this line. I don't think it's important for the installation instructions.

Reviewer 2: You don't need to open sln file? I know ZERO about Blazor

Reviewer: sln files are solution generated files for Visual Studio has nothing to do with blazor. I created a review to reword the sentence.

Author: ```suggestion
To run this project locally from VisualStudio 2019, clone repository, open .sln file in Visual Studio, and then choose Debug -> Start Debugging, or F5 on the keyboard.
```

> To install this project, clone locally, open https://github.com/tc-tibo/SeaCertsBlazor/blob/master/CDTS%20Blazor.sln file in Visual Studio, and then publish to your desired location.

Reviewer: To install this project, clone the project locally and open the .sln file to access the solution in Visual Studio.

Reviewer: Then maybe just having the instructions to clone the repo would be sufficient

Reviewer 2: > > I received: "no build task to run found. Configure Build Task" when I tried to build.
> > We should maybe include how to do that?
> 
> I'm assuming this is because you're using VS code. The solution works out of the box if you use Visual Studio instead of Visual Studio code. That being said, it could be a good idea to include a how-to guide for Visual Studio code or add it as a task that someone can accomplish at a future date. I'm not certain we, as a core team, should embark on putting a guide for every IDE.
> 
> I've created an issue though so anyone can handle it within our team or outside #10.

Shouldn't we have a project that is not IDE dependent? readme shouldn't really presume a particular IDE

[![Board Status](https://dev.azure.com/tc-tibo/4dd797bf-468b-4734-809d-7a5d7e801e2d/98f281cb-b20c-4b34-9384-beeaf67bef78/_apis/work/boardbadge/04d8c3b1-ac45-422d-9c05-c39db02d017d?columnOptions=2&columns=To%20Do,Doing,Done)](https://dev.azure.com/tc-tibo/4dd797bf-468b-4734-809d-7a5d7e801e2d/_boards/board/t/98f281cb-b20c-4b34-9384-beeaf67bef78/Microsoft.RequirementCategory/)

# Introduction 

This is the prototype for the digital CDN Application Form as part of TC's Seafarer Credentials Project. It is written in Blazor and is strictly for development purposes. Actual development will be hosted in TC's official Github home.

# Getting Started

> 

Reviewer: ## Visual Studio

Should be after this part and after that I think we're good then we can remove the reference to visual studio elsewhere.

Reviewer 2: Do we want to add the line about visual studio and then we can close this off? @tc-tibo @AlexandreSanscartier Thanks
